planning.md, before:


So I want to:

- figure out how I'm going to structure my database
- figure out how to get the data into it
- use it as a platform to learn SQL, python, whatever else

I want to create a database to catalogue my music collection, in a way that forces me to learn some python and SQL.

I can probably even run some basic statistical analyses on my data as well

- Some linear modelling and other simple analyses

Database design
---------------

From [NTU](https://www.ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/sql/Relational_Database_Design.html).

### Database design objective ###

- Eliminate redundancy: do not duplicate data. Duplicates require extra storage and make a database inconsistent and unmanageable.
- Ensure Data Integrity

### Define the purpose ###

The purpose is to catalogue my music collection in a meaningful way.

### Primary Keys ###

- song + artist + album? - this would ensure that any song that appeared under the same artist, on the same album would be a duplicate, and I could remove it
    - this is assuming that different versions of the same song are identified (live, acoustic, explicit, etc.)
    - I could specify the recording format separately? Some songs might have multiple formats (live AND explicit?)
    - I could have separate columns formatA, formatB, formatC?
- I think in that case it might be easier to just have a unique ID number for each song?
    - This could be a code based on `artist_album_disk_trackNO` something like XXXX-XXX-X-XX

- I could have a primary table:

    ID    track artist    album disk track_no length    rating    file_location date_added    date_updated

*NO* - this is bad. I need to *normalise* this idea.

Song Table:

    ID track length rating file_location date_added date_updated

Artist table:

    ID artist

Album table

    artist album

Note: Here, album can have an ID that's unique only within the artist

- Then other useful tables

    artist    album genre subgenre

Or something like that.

Or, maybe artist ID, should be my primary key!

    artistID    artist  albumID

    albumID album

    albumID trackID

    trackID track   length  rating

    genre?

Commit message:

found command to access metadata in bash

planning.md, after:


So I want to:

- figure out how I'm going to structure my database
- figure out how to get the data into it
- use it as a platform to learn SQL, python, whatever else

I want to create a database to catalogue my music collection, in a way that forces me to learn some python and SQL.

I can probably even run some basic statistical analyses on my data as well

- Some linear modelling and other simple analyses

Database design
---------------

From [NTU](https://www.ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/sql/Relational_Database_Design.html).

### Database design objective ###

- Eliminate redundancy: do not duplicate data. Duplicates require extra storage and make a database inconsistent and unmanageable.
- Ensure Data Integrity

### Define the purpose ###

The purpose is to catalogue my music collection in a meaningful way.

### Primary Keys ###

- song + artist + album? - this would ensure that any song that appeared under the same artist, on the same album would be a duplicate, and I could remove it
    - this is assuming that different versions of the same song are identified (live, acoustic, explicit, etc.)
    - I could specify the recording format separately? Some songs might have multiple formats (live AND explicit?)
    - I could have separate columns formatA, formatB, formatC?
- I think in that case it might be easier to just have a unique ID number for each song?
    - This could be a code based on `artist_album_disk_trackNO` something like XXXX-XXX-X-XX

- I could have a primary table:

    ID    track artist    album disk track_no length    rating    file_location date_added    date_updated

*NO* - this is bad. I need to *normalise* this idea.

Song Table:

    ID track length rating file_location date_added date_updated

Artist table:

    ID artist

Album table

    artist album

Note: Here, album can have an ID that's unique only within the artist

- Then other useful tables

    artist    album genre subgenre

Or something like that.

Or, maybe artist ID, should be my primary key!

    artistID    artist  albumID

    albumID album

    albumID track_no   track

    trackID length  rating  date_added  

    artistID  genre

    genre subgenre

***OK, now we're getting somewhere***

How do I turn this into a Datbase? Done.

Where is all the information for my Music library?
  - How do I find and access the metadata for my Music library?

    mdls path/to/filename
