todo_dataaquisition.md, before:

Planning Data Aquisition
========================

OK, so...

I need to:

1. just go through, one by one, inserting text into tables with SQL commands, until I want to beat my head against the wall, then...
- refresh on databases, SQL commands etc.
  - how to list existing databases?
  - or just how to access my music database, and view all tables? (there was some stuff on how to do this in the SQL course)


2. either use bash to access the data
  - maybe save it into a temp text file
  - use python to mine the text and pull out the necessary info

OR...

3. find the code, to use python, to access and extract the appropriate meta data directly
  - figure out how to use python to autofill SQL queries, to fill up my database automatically
  - make this executable
  - maybe, make it so that it can check whether the data already exists in my database
    - then if it doesn't, add the new data
  - so that I can execute everytime I purchase new music, and it will update my database
  - set this script up to periodically check for new data, and update my tables accordingly?

Once I have a good SQL database, I can start looking at the data

- do some simple data summaries
- make some simple visuals

Commit message:

added a python script, got a nice package for accessing metadata in python

todo_dataaquisition.md, after:

Planning Data Aquisition
========================

OK, so...

I need to:

1. just go through, one by one, inserting text into tables with SQL commands, until I want to beat my head against the wall, then...
- refresh on databases, SQL commands etc.
  - how to list existing databases?
  - or just how to access my music database, and view all tables? (there was some stuff on how to do this in the SQL course)

2. either use bash to access the data
  - maybe save it into a temp text file
  - use python to mine the text and pull out the necessary info

Before I do either of these - I need to fix my python problem. According to [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65348841/anaconda-install-on-mac-big-sur-python-cannot-be-opened) stack question, I need to remove and reinstall problem python directories/programs. Or, more simply, update all my python stuff for big sur, and to work with latest conda installs.

OR...

3. find the code, to use python, to access and extract the appropriate meta data directly
  - figure out how to use python to autofill SQL queries, to fill up my database automatically
  - make this executable
  - maybe, make it so that it can check whether the data already exists in my database
    - then if it doesn't, add the new data
  - so that I can execute everytime I purchase new music, and it will update my database
  - set this script up to periodically check for new data, and update my tables accordingly?

Once I have a good SQL database, I can start looking at the data

- do some simple data summaries
- make some simple visuals
